# Pareto Gamuts: Exploring Optimal Designs Across Varying Contexts

Liane Makatura, Minghao Guo, Adriana Schulz, Justin Solomon, and Wojciech Matusik

SIGGRAPH 2021

This repository contains the code to accompany our SIGGRAPH 2021 paper, [Pareto Gamuts: Exploring Optimal Designs Across Varying Contexts](http://paretogamuts.csail.mit.edu). For more details, please refer to the paper.

## Overview

There are two components: the discovery algorithm and example problem specifications (written in MATLAB) and the visualizer (written in JS). 

The visualizer contains pre-computed data for several of the examples presented in our paper, so you can explore some of our results without needing to run the discovery code. 
The visualizer can also be used to peruse the results of any new examples generated by the user.


## Acknowledgements

The authors thank Harrison Wang for his early contributions; Hannes Hergeth for his insights and JS visualization tool; Paul Zhang, David Palmer, and Ed Chien for their mathematical insights; and Tim Erps, Mike Foshey, Andy Spielberg, Beichen Li, and James Minor for engineering examples.

This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF) (Grant No. IIS-1955697), the NSF Graduate Research Fellowship (Grant No. 1122374), the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Agency (Grant No. 2019-19020100001), and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (Grant No. FA8750-20-C- 0075). The MIT Geometric Data Processing group acknowledges the generous support of Army Research Office grant W911NF2010168, of Air Force Office of Scientific Research award FA9550-19-1-031, of NSF grant IIS-1838071, from the CSAIL Systems that Learn program, from the MIT?IBM Watson AI Laboratory, from the Toyota?CSAIL Joint Research Center, from a gift from Adobe Systems, from an MIT.nano Immersion Lab/NCSOFT Gaming Program seed grant, and from the Skoltech?MIT Next Generation Program.
